Update network_options.md (#2957)
rancher/rke2: docs/install/network_options.md

    Calico automatically detects the RKE2 configuration for dual-stack and does not need any extra configuration. When deployed in dual-stack mode, it creates two different ippool resources. Note that when using dual-stack, calico leverages BGP instead of VXLAN encapsulation. Dual-stack and BGP are currently not supported in the windows installations of RKE2.

## IPv6 setup

> In case of IPv6 only configuration RKE2 needs to use `localhost` to acces the liveness URL of the ETCD pod; it needs to be rightly configured on `/etc/hosts` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case of IPv6 only configuration RKE2 needs to use `localhost` to acces the liveness URL of the ETCD pod; check that your operating system configures `/etc/hosts` file correctly:
```
